---
layout: post
title: A day on the Paris Olympic Games
date: 2024-07-15 16:15:00
description: My friends and I attended the 2024 Olympic Games in Paris, where we enjoyed tennis and volleyball matches, and later explored the city at night. It was an exciting experience full of sports and adventure.
tag: academics
thumbnail: assets/img/jjoo/portada-jjoo.jpg
---

Two years ago, my friend Juanma convinced me to attend the 2024 Olympic Games in Paris. He loves volleyball, and I love tennis, so we decided to watch both a tennis match and a volleyball match.

We bought the tickets and booked our flights from Málaga to Paris. Afterward, I almost forgot about it until August 2nd, when we finally flew to Paris.

The day started early at 5 a.m. since our flight was at 8 a.m. After almost three hours, we arrived in Paris. We didn’t bring any luggage because we were only spending one day in the city, planning to return to Spain the next morning.

Our tennis match was scheduled for 11:30 a.m., so we didn’t have time to explore Paris right away. We went directly from the airport to Roland Garros.

We enjoyed two doubles tennis matches. The first match was between Italians Jasmine Paolini and Sara Errani, who won against Czech players Linda Noskova and Karolina Muchova, with a score of 6-3, 6-2. The second match featured Australians John Peers and Matthew Ebden, who defeated Americans Tommy Paul and Taylor Fritz, 7-5, 6-2. During the matches, we ate some sandwiches we had brought from Málaga. It was thrilling to see the Rafael Nadal sculpture, honoring the greatest player in Roland Garros history.

<div class="row mt-3">
    <div class="col-12">
        {% include figure.liquid loading="eager" path="assets/img/jjoo/rafa.jpg" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" %}
    </div>
</div>

Afterward, we took an Uber to the volleyball match. It was incredible! France was playing against Estonia, two of the top teams in the tournament. Since the Olympic Games were held in Paris, there were many passionate fans supporting France. The atmosphere was electric!

<div class="row mt-3">
    <div class="col-sm mt-3 mt-md-0">
        {% include figure.liquid loading="eager" path="assets/img/jjoo/volleyball.jpg" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" zoomable=true %}
    </div>
    <div class="col-sm mt-3 mt-md-0">
        {% include figure.liquid loading="eager" path="assets/img/jjoo/tenis.jpg" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" zoomable=true %}
    </div>
</div>


We had about 10 hours, from 8 p.m. to 6 a.m. the next day, to explore Paris. Since we didn’t book a hotel, we decided to discover the city by night. We started by visiting the famous Red Light District, where we saw the iconic windmill. Next, we headed to the city center, where we marveled at the Eiffel Tower and the Arc de Triomphe. We were walking past midnight, so the streets were quiet, and it felt like we had the city all to ourselves.

<div class="row mt-3">
    <div class="col-sm mt-3 mt-md-0">
        {% include figure.liquid loading="eager" path="assets/img/jjoo/torre.jpg" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" zoomable=true %}
    </div>
    <div class="col-sm mt-3 mt-md-0">
        {% include figure.liquid loading="eager" path="assets/img/jjoo/louvre.jpg" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" zoomable=true %}
    </div>
</div>

The most exciting moment came when we visited the Tuileries Garden, where we found the Olympic Flame. It was alone, and we had the rare chance to enjoy it without any crowds.

<div class="row mt-3">
    <div class="col-12">
        {% include figure.liquid loading="eager" path="assets/img/jjoo/pebetero.jpg" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" %}
    </div>
</div>

Finally, we went to the airport and caught our flight to Oviedo. Why Oviedo? That’s a story for another blog post!
